Fix `FAMILY` check, fix `EMAIL` regex, add UG edits (#296)
AY2324S2-CS2103T-W10-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

- Month input should be a valid month in `MMM` format and non-empty.
  - Filtering by month "September" should be `filter b/Sep`
    - `filter b/SEP` matches person with Birthday in September.

> - Month input will also accept extraneous input,
>   as long as it is not the same prefix as that will be considered as duplicate prefixes.
>   If the first few characters are any valid month, it will be valid. 
>   E.g.,
>   This forgiving behavior allows you to type in `filter b/AprMogger` and Realodex will interpret the month as April!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Month input will also accept extraneous input, i.e. if the first 3 characters are any valid month, it will be valid. 
    E.g., `filter b/AprMogger` will result in filtering by the month April
  ⚠️ This does not apply if the extraneous input is the **same prefix** as that will be considered as **duplicate prefixes.** (e.g. `filter b/may b/`)
```

hmm it seems like filter `b/mayb/` works but not `b/may b/` should we explicitly say it?

Author: okiess

Author: Fixed

- The current date is based on the local system's time.
- If their birthday has already passed, the calculation is based on the number of days until their next birthday next year.
- If the list presented is currently a filtered list after using `filter`, sort will work on the new filtered list.

> - If a birthday falls on February 29th (leap day), the day calculation is based on March 1st if the year does not have a leap date.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If a birthday falls on February 29th (leap day), the day calculation is based on March 1st if the year does not have a leap date as realistically, most would still celebrate every year.
```

Author: Scary

- Note that this feature is only available for the `add`,`clearRealodex`,`delete`,`edit`,`filter`,`list` and `sort` commands.
- Although the format is `COMMAND help`, the exception is the help message for the clear command. Use `clear help` instead of `clearRealodex help`.

>   <br>Exception also includes `help` command where `help help` will simply open up the window as expected

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <br>Any other valid command followed by `help` that is not included in this feature will simply execute the command as per normal.
```

Author: 💯

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Field Constraints
* `NAME`:
    * Should only contain Alphanumeric characters and must be unique.
    1. While we disallow `s/o` as `/` is used as a command delimiter, a simple and reasonable work-around for this 

>        until it is supported, is to use a workaround such as using `s o` or `son of`).

Reviewer: thanks for adding!

        * have each domain label start and end with alphanumeric characters
        * have each domain label consist of alphanumeric characters, separated only by hyphens, if any.
    * Example: `e/realodex-admin@gmail.com`
    4. Top-level domain (TLD) such as `.com` are not compulsory, as according to 

>        [Internet Protocol Standards](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5322#section-3.4.1)

Reviewer: shee thanks for making it so detailed

* `ADDRESS`: Current residential address
    * Must not include other command prefixes (`a/`,`b/`,`e/`,`f/`,`h/`,`i/`,`n/`,`p/`,`r/`,`t/`) to prevent parsing errors. For instance, `a/lemontree street t/1` may cause the command to fail, as the system will interpret `t/` as an unintended tag prefix.
    * Example: `a/6 College Ave West`
* `FAMILY`: Immediate family size

>     * It should be an integer greater than 1.

Reviewer: nourrrr it can take in 1
```suggestion
    * It should be an integer greater than or equal to 1.
```

Author: 😨

Author: Fixed
